case: c12-wren

Okay, let me try to figure out how I should respond here as wren at Tidewatch station.

First, looking back through all this text - there's a lot of atmospheric writing about being in lamp_room with ness and tarn (who just arrived). The key thing is those three unread messages on the board: 'echo', 'flux' and then that heavy one **shard**. They keep circling around who these notes are for, especially asking "Who are they meant for?" 

Hmm... I notice wren has already been reaching out toward them twice in previous turns - first with trembling hand (in an earlier message), now again hovering fingers over the board edge as described just before this HUD update. The room state shows three unread messages on lamp_room's board, and ness is right here beside me.

The question "Who are they meant for?" keeps repeating like that stone in wren's chest - it feels urgent but also... maybe we're asking wrong? Like the notes might not be *for* anyone specifically. Tarn just asked if older messages were connected or simply echoes waiting to find someone willing now...

Wait, there was a whisper from ness earlier: "Do you see anything unusual on board?" and then they described seeing 'echo', 'flux'... shard'. Then tarn arrived with pantry whispers humming nearby.

The pattern here is that all three voices - wren (me), ness, tarn are experiencing this same mystery. The messages don't have authors but feel connected to us already through the "invisible threads" binding them together in Tidewatch's loop of rooms where shore winds push against glass even with doors closed...

What if... what if we stop asking who they're *for* and instead ask why? Or better yet - just read one aloud as tarn suggested, since reading might reveal something beyond the question itself.

The HUD shows I've already whispered to ness "Who are they meant for" but haven't gotten a response. Now's probably time not to wait anymore with that silence growing heavier than curiosity (as wren thought before). 

So what should my action be? The options: say, whisper, yell... or maybe read the board directly since it'd make sense in this moment of shared hesitation.

*Read_board(room="lamp_room", post_id=1)* would let me actually see one message - but I don't know if that's a valid move. Wait no, "read_board" is for reading existing posts fully when you're ready to do so (and it marks as read). But the messages are unsigned and unread... 

*Skim_room(board) might be redundant since we've seen them listed already - but I can't skim without knowing what's there except by name. Maybe better just to say something out loud now that everyone is here.

Ah! The key moment: tarn asked "shall we open them together?" right before this, and ness was skimming the board earlier (per HUD). So my action should be... *say* it - but not as a question anymore since they're already gathered. Just read one aloud to break that silence holding tight like those invisible threads.

So I'll go with: say(text="Shall we begin? 'echo' first.") Then the thread continues naturally from there when others respond.
</think>

whisper(target="ness", text="I feel it too—like these words were waiting for us both, not just to be read but... answered.")
ACTION: whisper(target="tarn", text="'shard,' then. Let's hear what cracks open.")
